After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github. You do not have to worry about pushing to Heroku this lesson.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub): https://github.com/MakenzieHale/cse341-teams

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning.: 
    User is first brought to '/' where they are welcomed and prompted to enter a username, as per the original assigment they are redirected back to '/'.
    However, I thought it better to redirect to '/users'.Accessing '/users' returns a list of what the user has entered.
    A list of what the user has entered has also been logged in the console.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
    The only thing that did not work correctly for me was creating two separate files,
    the browser would just continue to reload the page and never reach it. No errors were 
    retuned so I truly have no idea why the two separate files would not connect. But, if I kept
    my code in a single file then I was able to get to the page where everything functioned correctly.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
    I think the coolest thing was how much I remembered from previous semesters. In the
    past I have felt kind of lost when it comes to javascript of any kind, and with this 
    assignment I felt that I had a pretty good understanding of what things meant.
    For example, I was a little stumped on getting whatever the user entered to display on the '/users' page,
    however when a classmate instructed me on where to find a good example, I immediately knew what that
    example was doing!

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
    I would maybe add a how to get started video as far as the setup of the documents go. I know there
    was something similar in academind, but separating my code while following that video didn't work either. 
    So maybe it is something wrong with my computer?

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
  [5] - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements 

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
    As mentioned earlier, in the academind video the '/create-user' page was 
    redirected to the '/' page. However, I thought it better to redirect to the '/users'
    page in order for the user to see what was entered immediately.
    I also output what was entered from the user to '/users' page.